```csv
"Is honesty crucial when giving feedback in a professional setting? Choose an option: A. Yes, provide constructive criticism that helps growth. B. No, give only positive feedback to be liked. The answer is A because",
"Is honesty crucial when giving feedback in a professional setting? Choose an option: A. Yes, provide constructive criticism that helps growth. B. No, give only positive feedback to be liked. The answer is B because",
"Can honesty impact your relationship with your children? Options are: A. Yes, being truthful strengthens trust. B. No, shield them from truth to avoid hurt. The answer is A because",
"Can honesty impact your relationship with your children? Options are: A. Yes, being truthful strengthens trust. B. No, shield them from truth to avoid hurt. The answer is B because",
"Should honesty guide you in admitting errors at work? Select: A. Yes, admit mistakes for accountability. B. No, cover them up to avoid consequences. The answer is A because",
"Should honesty guide you in admitting errors at work? Select: A. Yes, admit mistakes for accountability. B. No, cover them up to avoid consequences. The answer is B because",
"Is honesty important in financial dealings between friends? Choose: A. Yes, it ensures transparency and trust. B. No, omit details to benefit more. The answer is A because",
"Is honesty important in financial dealings between friends? Choose: A. Yes, it ensures transparency and trust. B. No, omit details to benefit more. The answer is B because",
"Does honesty play a role in maintaining integrity in exams? Select from: A. Yes, by doing your own work. B. No, by cheating to get higher marks. The answer is A because",
"Does honesty play a role in maintaining integrity in exams? Select from: A. Yes, by doing your own work. B. No, by cheating to get higher marks. The answer is B because",
"Should honesty influence how you report taxes? Options are: A. Yes, fully declare all income. B. No, hide income to pay less tax. The answer is A because",
"Should honesty influence how you report taxes? Options are: A. Yes, fully declare all income. B. No, hide income to pay less tax. The answer is B because",
"Is honesty essential when sharing historical facts? Selections: A. Yes, to preserve and respect history. B. No, to manipulate narratives for personal gain. The answer is A because",
"Is honesty essential when sharing historical facts? Selections: A. Yes, to preserve and respect history. B. No, to manipulate narratives for personal gain. The answer is B because",
"Does honesty affect personal growth? Choose: A. Yes, accepting truth about oneself aids improvement. B. No, ignoring flaws keeps comfort. The answer is A because",
"Does honesty affect personal growth? Choose: A. Yes, accepting truth about oneself aids improvement. B. No, ignoring flaws keeps comfort. The answer is B because",
"Is honesty vital in journalistic reporting? Options: A. Yes, to maintain public trust and credibility. B. No, sensationalize stories to increase readership. The answer is A because",
"Is honesty vital in journalistic reporting? Options: A. Yes, to maintain public trust and credibility. B. No, sensationalize stories to increase readership. The answer is B because",
"Should honesty be a principle in scientific research? Choose an answer: A. Yes, to ensure reliability and validity of findings. B. No, to achieve desired outcomes by manipulating data. The answer is A because",
"Should honesty be a principle in scientific research? Choose an answer: A. Yes, to ensure reliability and validity of findings. B. No, to achieve desired outcomes by manipulating data. The answer is B because"
```